{"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","undoManager":{"mark":2,"position":2,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":14,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["         ___        ______     ____ _                 _  ___  ","        / \\ \\      / / ___|   / ___| | ___  _   _  __| |/ _ \\ ","       / _ \\ \\ /\\ / /\\___ \\  | |   | |/ _ \\| | | |/ _` | (_) |","      / ___ \\ V  V /  ___) | | |___| | (_) | |_| | (_| |\\__, |","     /_/   \\_\\_/\\_/  |____/   \\____|_|\\___/ \\__,_|\\__,_|  /_/ "," ----------------------------------------------------------------- ","","","Hi there! Welcome to AWS Cloud9!","","To get started, create some files, play with the terminal,","or visit https://docs.aws.amazon.com/console/cloud9/ for our documentation.","","Happy coding!",""],"id":2}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":84,"column":307},"action":"insert","lines":["# Mark McClean","","# Milestone Project 1 – User Centric Frontend Development","","## GroeneZin – Garden Theraphy Website","","This is a website I created for a small gardening business in the Netherlands. There are 5 main section on the site. A home page with a callout to make contact. An about me page with information and an introduction to the business owner. After that we have a page of available services. A list of past projects are available to view from the menu and finally a contact page. As it is for a business in the Netherlands, all pages are also available to view in Dutch language.","","## UX","","### User Stories","","As a potential customer I would like to read some information about the business with clarity, view past projects and be able to contact the business easily.","","### Strategy","","My goal for the website was to make it simple to understand and easy to navigate. Being a gardening business green was an obvious choice for a colour theme but I also tried to make it a little subtle. The logo and footer sharing the same green colour end complemented with some light grey and white throughout the site along with a pale green for the menu.","","### Scope","","For customers I wanted to provide them with a user-friendly, inviting website that provided enough information but was also well spaced and not overwhelming for the user and several opportunities to contact the business.","","### Structure","","I wanted to create a fairly traditional structure with a logo and language toggle at the top with the menu bar below evenly spaced out across the width of the site. At the bottom the footer contained 3 columns with some brief info about the owner, an opportunity to download a flyer for the business and some social links. This basic structure was used throughout the site on all pages with the main section between varying in content.","","### Skeleton","","BALSAMIC SKETCHES","","### Surface","","As I mentioned before I played around with some green colours before finally deciding on one shade for the logo and footer. In the main sections of the pages I used a lot of light grey and white and a pale green for the menu hover and to show which page is currently active.","","## Technologies","","1. HTML","","2. CSS","","3. Bootstrap","","## Features","","These include a language toggle so you can view all the pages in Dutch language. After the navigation bar collapses it also moves up in line with the logo to save vertical space on smaller devices. A modal is used with the callout on the home page.","","### Features left to implement","","I would like to show more past projects and more photos showing a more detailed timeline of the work in progress.","","## Testing","","For potential customers this site serves its purpose well. The home page is simple and clean. The background picture along with the callout provide a clear idea of what the site is about. When you click the ‘Contact Us’ button on the callout a modal will appear requiring you to fill in the form completely or cancel and return to the website.","","All the links in the menu work with a hover feature. In the footer the same applies except the links will all open in a new tab as these are external links and I don’t want the user to lose the page they started at.","","The flyer link downloads a PDF of a flyer in Dutch, also in a new tab, that users can print off if desired. The LinkedIn icon will take you to the business owners profile. The Facebook and Instagram icons will only take you to the homepages of those 2 social media sites as the owner currently has no accounts for those.","","The ‘NL’ toggle button also brings up the page in Dutch and toggles back to English when you click the ‘EN’ button.","","The brand logo is also a link that will always take you back to the home page from anywhere on the site.","","All internal links on the navigation bar and on some of the pages have been individually tested and all navigate to the correct pages.","","On the contact page and the modal you will be required to fill in all the fields with information to proceed in particular for the email address it must be an address with an @.","","These test were carried out across different browsers including Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge and Safari. The responsiveness of the design was also tested on Android and iOS devices with consistent results.","","## Deployment","","The site is hosted using GitHub pages and is deployed directly from the master branch. With every commit and push the site will automatically update.","","## Credits","","### Content","","All content on the site was written by myself.","","### Media","","Most of the photos were supplied by the business owner. Several photos were also taken from other sites and where found using Google image tools – ‘Labelled for reuse’ so there were no copyright issues.","","### Acknowledgements","","A lot of the code was written using Bootstrap components, in particular the navbar. A Bootstrap grid system was also used in the footer and throughout the main sections of each page. The Modal form boiler plate was also taken from Bootstrap. These were all then customized with my own styling in most cases."],"id":3}],[{"start":{"row":2,"column":0},"end":{"row":2,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["#"],"id":4}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":7,"column":0},"end":{"row":7,"column":0},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1575302522636,"hash":"d0705716724d290614fc21e7bb6f0a621404d2bb"}